capability statement zcore group (zcg) is a leading it and management consulting firm specializing in data-driven solutions for federal agencies, led by military veterans and composed of experienced professionals with diverse backgrounds in computer science and engineering. core competencies differentiators ourmilitary culture emphasizes discipline, teamwork, and mission- veteran-led driven thinking. zcg'sveteran-led leadership and software development professional services strategicplanning operational support forge a strong connection and deep empathy with the devops technology data analytics innovation va's goals and objectives. zcghas a strong track record of: va experience zcg'sinsider perspective and building web and mobile delivering data-driven solutions understanding of the va enable effective applications for private and to reduce fraud, waste, and abuse navigation, anticipation, and tailored federal projects developing and implementing solutions. implementing ci/cd mature enterprise risk acquisition strategies experience strategies with testing for management programs rapid development zcg'sexpertise in acquisition strategies, supporting integration of critical seamless contractor integration, and va's helping federal agencies business processes processes ensure efficient project transition financial data to providing advanced predictive execution and successful outcomes. modern frameworks modelingand analytical deep va knowledge setting up devops consultation architecture for govcloud and zcgpossesses a comprehensive supporting outreach & private cloud offerings understanding of va's architecture, stakeholder engagement efforts business processes, and legacy systems, incorporating human enabling end-to-end paperless ensuring that zcgbrings relevant and up- centereddesign approaches claims processing to-date experience. to software development past performance department of veterans affairs private sector health it zcgis converting legacy va financial data into the zcghelped a global advisory firm zcgcollaborated with a new ifams(momentum) system, ensuring a develop business architecture, top 10 health it provider to seamless and secure transition. requirements, and technology develop it strategies for strategies, leading to impactful federal agencies, leading zcgled efforts to identify solutions, analyze data, solutions for clients, including the to enhanced efficiency, facilitate requests, develop policies and procedures, va and reinforcing the firm's innovation, and effective implement training, and provide ongoing trusted partnership. solutions. operational support to prevent fraud. company data “driving digital mission success and location: mclean, va empowering federal agencies with military precision and innovation, we naics codes: lead with authenticity and an ethical approach, leveraging our backgrounds 541511, 541512, 541519, 541611, 541613, 541990, 611430 to maximize existing resources.” socioeconomic status: sdvosb ceo zcoregroup sam uei: fj58snsjtv68 contact information : (571) 228-2803 ezenteno@zcoregroup.com www.zcoregroup.com